docs: Add Safe smart account reference (#624)
safe-global/safe-docs: pages/reference-smart-account/modules/getModulesPaginated.mdx

import { Tabs } from 'nextra/components'

# `getModulesPaginated`

Returns an array of modules. If all entries fit into a single page, the next pointer will be 0x1. If another page is present, next will be the last element of the returned array.

## Usage

{/* <!-- vale off --> */}

<Tabs items={['example.sol']}>
  <Tabs.Tab>
    ```solidity
    interface ISafe {
      function getModulesPaginated(address start, uint256 pageSize) external view returns (address[] array, address next);
    }

    contract Example {
      function example() … {
        (ISafe safe).getModulesPaginated("0x...", "0x...");
      }
    }

>     ```

Reviewer: Incorrect indentation

import { Tabs } from 'nextra/components'

# `getModulesPaginated`

> Returns an array of modules. If all entries fit into a single page, the next pointer will be 0x1. If another page is present, next will be the last element of the returned array.

Reviewer: The address is not well formatted.

## Usage

{/* <!-- vale off --> */}

<Tabs items={['example.sol']}>
  <Tabs.Tab>
    ```solidity
    interface ISafe {
        function getModulesPaginated(
            address start,
            uint256 pageSize
        ) external view returns (address[] array, address next);
    }

    contract Example {
        function example() … {
            (ISafe safe).getModulesPaginated("0x...", "0x...");
        }
    }
    ```
  </Tabs.Tab>
</Tabs>

{/* <!-- vale on --> */}

## Returns

### `array`

- **Type:** `address[]`

Array of modules.

### `next`

- **Type:** `address`

Start of the next page.

## Parameters

### `start`

- **Type:** `address`

> Start of the page. Has to be a module or start pointer (0x1 address).

Reviewer 2: Can you please correct the formatting for 0x1 as in the beginning of the page?

```solidity focus=2
(ISafe safe).getModulesPaginated(
    "0x...",
    "0x..."
);
```

### `pageSize`

- **Type:** `uint256`

> Maximum number of modules that should be returned. Has to be > 0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Maximum number of modules that should be returned. Has to be greater than zero.
```
